# bb-oftl-hrd
OFTL Blood Bowl - implemented with Google AppEngine, Python (webapp) and Django Templates

Blood Bowl Manager at https://bb-oftl-hrd.appspot.com/

For use with Cyanide Blood Bowl Chaos Edition.

1.) Download Python 2.7

2.) Download https://bb-oftl-hrd.appspot.com/submitter/OFTLSubmitter.py

After playing and exiting a match - run OFTLSubmitter.py and it will upload match statistics to OFTL.  (The python app reads the SQLite replay file generated by the game, parses it, and packages it for delivery to site).

##Current Tabs

######Recent Matches 
Gives match reports for the latest submitted matches.  Each match has a link that gives you more details about the match itself, the teams playing, and the coaches involved.

######Top Coaches
Leader board for top coaches over a variety of categories.  Clicking on each coach will display a bio / stat page for the Coach.

######Top Teams
Leader board for top teams over a variety of categories. Clicking on each team will display a stat page for the Team.

######Top Players
Leader board for top players over a variety of categories.  Clicking on each player will display their SubPar Blood Bowl card.

######Standings
Leader board for the top 50 teams with most matches played.  Bragging rights for legendary teams.

######Race Stats
All league statistics organized by Race.  Have fun!

######Tournaments
Join a Tournament or browse through previous winners.

######Coach's Page
Manage / customize your teams, create tournaments, claim a new team.

######OFL Pick'Em
Put your money where your mouth is!  Bet on weekly matches held at the OFL.  (www.oldworldfootball.com)

